By and by Osborn turned his glance from the window and fixed it on his
son, who stood waiting across the big oak table. Gerald was a handsome
lad, like his father, but marked by a certain refinement and a hint of
delicacy. Although he felt anxious, his pose was free and graceful and
his look undisturbed. Osborn threw the bills on the table.

"This kind of thing must stop," he said. "I haven't grumbled much,
perhaps not as much as I ought, about your extravagance, but only a fool
imagines he can spend more than he has got."

"We have had such fools in our family," the boy remarked, and stopped
when he saw Osborn's color rise.

"It's a pity it's true," the latter agreed, with a patience he did not
often use. "I'm paying for it now and you will pay a higher price, if you
go on as you promise. You must pull up; I've done enough and am getting
tired of self-denial."

Gerald's smile faded. He had inherited his extravagance from his father,
but felt he must be cautious, although Osborn sometimes showed him a
forbearance he used to nobody else.

"I'm sorry, sir," he said. "Perhaps I was extravagant, but if you don't
want to be an outsider, you must do like the rest, and I understood you
expected me to make friends among our own set. We can't be shabby."

He struck the right note, for Osborn was not clever and perhaps his
strongest characteristic was his exaggerated family pride.

"You had enough and I paid your debts not long since," he said. "In fact,
you have had more than your share, with the consequence that Grace gets
less than hers." He knitted his brows as he indicated the house-master's
curt letter. "Then, you have given a stranger an opportunity for writing
to me like this."

Gerald, knowing his father's humor, saw he was getting on
dangerous ground.

"Brown's a dry old prig, sir. Nothing sporting about him; he's hardly a
gentleman."

Osborn was seldom logical and now his annoyance was rather concentrated
on the master who had written to him with jarring frankness than on the
extravagant lad.

"His letter implies it," he agreed and then pulled himself up. Gerald was
clever and no doubt meant to divert his thoughts. "After all, this
doesn't matter," he went on. "I'll pay these bills, but if you get into
debt at Woolwich, you had better not come home. I have enough trouble
about money, and your allowance is going to be a strain. There's another
thing: Carter, who hasn't had your advantages, got in as a prize cadet."

Gerald smiled. "He hasn't got his commission. Old Harry means well, but
he's not our sort, and these plodding, cramming fellows seldom make good
officers."

"An officer must pay his mess bills, whether he's good or bad," Osborn
rejoined. "If you go into the Horse Artillery, there won't be much money
left when you have settled yours, so it might be prudent to begin some
self-denial now. Anyhow, if you get into debt again, you know the
consequences."

He raised his hand in dismissal and walked to the window when the lad
went out. He had not taken the line he meant to take, but Gerald
often, so to speak, eluded him. The lad had a way of hinting that they
understood one another and Osborn vaguely suspected that he worked
upon his prejudices; but he was a sportsman. He had pluck and knew
what the Osborn traditions demanded. In fact, Gerald might go far, if
he went straight.

Then Osborn thought he needed a drink, and after ringing a bell he sat
down by the window with the tray and glass a servant brought. It was
significant that he had given no order; the servants knew what the bell
meant. When he had drained the glass he vacantly looked out. Boggy
pasture and stony cornfields ran back from the tarn. Here and there a
white farmstead, surrounded by stunted trees, stood at the hill foot;
farther back a waterfall seamed the rocks and yellow grass with threads
of foam; and then a lofty moor, red with heather, shut off the view.